Update D1 commands for GA database versions (#16047)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

### `export`

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> This command does not apply on databases created during D1's alpha period. You can check which version your database uses with `wrangler d1 info <DATABASE_NAME>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command does not work with databases created during D1's alpha period. You can check which version your database uses with `wrangler d1 info <DATABASE_NAME>`.
```

### `backup create`

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> This command only works on databases created during D1's alpha period. You can check which version your database uses with `wrangler d1 info <DATABASE_NAME>`.

Author: > D1 alpha databases will stop accepting live SQL queries on August 15, 2024. - from D1 alpha databases will stop accepting live SQL queries on August 15, 2024.

Based on the above, should we also just remove the sections for the alpha version in a few weeks to avoid confusion entirely since the queries will not be working anyway?
